Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hello.
ethant: I was early. I didn't think you'd be popping up so quickly.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: My five o'clock didn't show. So I see
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are you
I'm good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How things been going this week.
ethant: Which I got a default microphone.
ethant: Can you hear me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah yeah
ethant: Okay, good. Cool.
ethant: I'm thinking they're going okay
ethant: It's been a little
ethant: You know, I have this bits of big period of change with my job. And so things aren't necessarily going away I imagined them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Or I think they're going to
ethant: Go, but it's not bad.
ethant: Like I the way I pictured my contract sort of being extended forever at this company and it doesn't. They're not really moving very fast to make it happen. And I'm more and more getting the feeling like I should just find another job.
ethant: Uh huh. Um, which is scary. A little bit.
ethant: So, but it just so happened that the company that I most want to work for had a party last night and I was invited to it. And so I when I chatted with the two co founders and they were they were both
ethant: Very excited about the idea of me going to work for their company so
ethant: It's not like it's a done deal. But it seems like there's a good opportunity there.
Good.
ethant: So that was definitely positive I'm
ethant: I'm still a little bit
ethant: irked or bummed or something that so you know it's probably really what's probably going to happen with this with my current company is they're just dragging their feet. This is would be right in line with what they've been
ethant: Their pattern where they like put everything off until the last minute, and then they're going to come around and they'll probably say, well, we want to we need you are not done with
ethant: You know, and so they'll try to extend me. I wouldn't be surprised if they try to extend me at the last minute and so that'll be a little weird, because if they were to do that because
ethant: I have this big severance package.
ethant: And they're kind of like vague about exactly when the day is that I have to work until
ethant: Hmm, but so they for other people. They've been forgiving about people leaving a little earlier than plan because they're trying to accommodate people. So I hope they would do the same for me but I but
ethant: I could. It's just going to be complicated, because if it really comes down to it. So if the if the new if this new company.
ethant: Really decides they want me and they want me soon, then their pressure is going to be on to leave the current company, and then they're probably I wouldn't be surprised if they
ethant: It's like you say, I gotta live in the current moment in the present moment, but it could get interesting with the negotiations, said I. The last thing I want to do is
ethant: For go my severance which is for part of the overall selling the company deal that we did.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Makes sense. But if they're accommodating other people, you know, to, and they're leaving early. I don't know why they wouldn't do that for you.
ethant: Right, though, that makes like when you say that way it's perfectly. It seems totally obvious, but they have accommodated all these other people, which makes me one of the last. So when I leave that then they're everyone's gone
ethant: So they don't have any way to get the information, you know, so the risk for them goes up so I can see them being uncomfortable with it. But yeah, we should probably so I don't you know
ethant: So what I'm going to tell them is
ethant: That I started talking, you know, asking around about jobs because you guys weren't getting it together to give me anything solid for weeks, you know,
ethant: So it seemed like the reasonable thing to do. And you have to understand that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, definitely. You were feeling insecure and you need to have income. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, you need to know that you know that wherever you go, whoever you work for that their stability there, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I wouldn't be surprised if they if I mean if really if it puts them in a pinch that they didn't offer you more money.
ethant: And it really anything could happen, including maybe they won't do anything. Maybe they'll just that maybe they're, they feel like they're ready for me to leave. And so they're gonna
ethant: From my perspective, that would be a mistake because they obviously don't know what they're doing. So, but, um,
ethant: Do you mind if I make tea. I feel like I need some tea or something.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, go for it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's the luxury of being able to be
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To do this from home, you know, to make
ethant: The telemedicine therapy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's pretty cool. Yeah, definitely. What did you think of the group last week, or this week. It was kind of crazy.
ethant: It was good. Yeah, I don't know if it was more people than you usually have or what is that, was that a big group.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think we just had a few that were struggling a little more than
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The normal Tracy, you know, Corps VA or his volume wasn't working. And so I couldn't get the information from him. And, you know, but it's definitely a pretty solid group and when Mary's there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: She pipe saying all the time too. So it's kind of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like we really didn't have a whole lot of time for for education because it was all focused on
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
ethant: I was thinking I was actually impressed, in the few minutes that you had that you came up, because even with the one thing that we did talk about is what we're doing for recovery. This week, that was a really good topic if we only have five minutes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I had, I asked that every week. I want to know what you guys are doing for your recovery this week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What steps are you going to take outside your box your comfort zone. You know, for your recovery and you know when you get people to step outside of their comfort zone be amazed. And what you find, you know. Yeah, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I want to know that you guys are, you know, working on self care. You guys are are paying attention to your emotions, your eating habits, your sleeping habits, all of those, you know, are primary roles in
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, staying sober so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We forget that.
ethant: Yeah, totally. I know it's a simple thing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It really is. So by all means, have a cup of tea.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely. So how's everything going with everything else.
ethant: Yeah, work is the main thing I think about what l. So I mentioned the my sex drive.
ethant: So, my wife is frustrated and I keep that I thought it was because of the medicine. So it was really interesting to talk to you in the group. And everyone's like, Nah, I don't have that problem. So,
ethant: So normally, I know. Like did you go through phases where, like, maybe I'm not like excited to
ethant: Be sexually active with my wife, so maybe I'll be all like sort of sneakily masturbate, but I'm not really like. But I'm not doing it like I seriously. I have not been the least bit aroused, for any reason, or have any thoughts about it for like at all since I started this
ethant: Medication, and it's very, it seems very similar
ethant: To when I like in every other way, my life is not like I'm
ethant: Hi, but in this way. It kind of reminds me of one
ethant: In this area, it reminds me of when I was like, you know, taking tons of pills.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, I want you to know that I kind of expanded on it a little in other groups that I did. And there were, there was some feedback that it can, you know, affect your sex drive to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I talked to another doctor that I work with. And she said, you know, certainly, it can i mean it's it's a it's an opiate derivative. So of course it has that component in it. So, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It might not affect your sex drive, as much as as taking just going back and taking opiates. But, you know, the potential is certainly there. Yeah.
ethant: Yeah. And for example, the constipation problem. I still have that like pretty bad, like I
ethant: I hadn't really bad when I was on I was out there getting high but
ethant: The main difference. Now, I think, is I'm really
ethant: Serious about taking all these this constipation treatment like several times a day. I might take several different things and it still is not does not feel like I'm digesting normally I kind of have managed to go every couple that you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Periodically, but um
ethant: So yeah, those are the two big side effects that I'm noticing, and maybe the longer. Maybe it's this. I'm still in the adjustment period and everything kind of normalize at some point.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Normal. Have you ever heard of Cava K VA te
ethant: Vaguely rings a bell, but I don't remember anything about it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wait, that one's for anxiety. Sorry, there's another kind of tea is called Smooth move
ethant: Move. Move.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In it, and it works. Um,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's all natural, but that helps definitely relieved constipation.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Since you're a tea drinker.
ethant: Know, check it out. I thought you're gonna say it increases your sex drive is gonna be like wow that's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No.
ethant: Move t
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I think it's like from healthy remedies or something. I know you can get it like a Safeway, or you can get a pretty much anywhere. It's in the tip. Yep.
ethant: Yeah, I see they have an
ethant: Amazon here from reveal. So we have camera meal, and we have peppermint. Oh, it has Cena in it. I'm taking center already
ethant: I just take it in the pill.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But
ethant: If that's the only active ingredient t is always good that I'm already taking center.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's probably something to, you know, Mary can give you something for for it as well to help
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So if you don't find yourself you know regulating out with what you're doing.
ethant: Actually, I'm kind of survived getting by, like,
ethant: With the the
ethant: The constipation treatment that's I'm taking Cena me relax.
ethant: And at night, I take a cold place I take center twice a day to relax in the morning and colleagues at night and that. And so I don't take any fiber. Because Mary actually told me or yeah I heard from Mary that
ethant: Opiates take the moisture out of your valve.
ethant: Then neural X helps puts it back. But if you eat too much fiber. It sucks it back out again. So you're kind of back where you started.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah yeah
ethant: So I stopped. I was doing fiber initially
ethant: So anyway, I'm kind of getting by just I bring it up only because I can tell it sort of does not feel like the normal process.
ethant: And I'm going, the worst is like every three days and the best is every other day bill that's something
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, to start
ethant: Eating
ethant: I'm eating pretty well so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're eating pretty healthy
ethant: Um, well, I don't know about healthy eating like a normal amount. I feel like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, you know, implementing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: healthier foods in your diet helps regulate you too.
ethant: Yeah.
ethant: That's a big the, I guess the only one I know is fiber, but maybe I'll read up some more on that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There was this home remedy to that one of the doctors was telling the client.
ethant: Me about her home remedy and I wrote it down, but I never I didn't try it because I was having I was doing okay with what I have. But he said something like prune juice and something real.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Some publicize yeah let me see.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh,
ethant: Orange juice and fiber is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's like you mix it together. Yeah, and it's not as to have
ethant: I already do like smoothie. In the morning, so I could like worker.
ethant: Well that. So this is a fiber that this is what I was worried that because of what Mary said that fiber might not help but
ethant: We'll, we'll see. I can try this as a next step mean
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There is also, you know, another option and lots going and starting a regimen weekly regimen, the colonic
ethant: I don't know what that is.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you've never you've never heard of a colonic
ethant: I've sounds familiar, but actually I can
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's it is where there's different wellness places that you can go to and they hook. They kind of hook you up to a machine and really give you a clean out your whole system.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you're in, you're in there for about an hour, maybe an hour and a half.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But you're kind of attached to this machine that is putting, you know, water, water up into your system and just flushing everything out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it just takes out all the toxins. I mean, not to do it more than you know once every week or once every two weeks or even once a month, you know the initial is like weekly for
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The three weeks in a row, but
ethant: That sounds kind of like an animal, but it's like the machine that does it for you or something.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and you leave everything there. So it's not like you're continually going to the bathroom throughout the night. It's, you know, when you when you leave, you're done. And it's kind of amazing. Yeah, it's really cool and it works really good and it really helps flush your system out
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So if there's anything that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, that is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Stuck or is unable to come. It really brings it all brings it all out. So that's an option too.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, there's all kinds of different different things, different tricks. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's funny, and this is
ethant: One area of health in the body that I got this far in life without having any major problems until I got really into opiates and then boy, it's been like
ethant: That like on Christmas Day. For example, I almost missed Christmas because I was like sitting on the toilet trying to go after I hadn't gone for a week and there was blood. It was like a huge mess.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He, um,
ethant: So yeah, that was
ethant: Obviously, it's all caused by the, the opiate because I was in for 43 years or however long it was
Yeah.
ethant: But yeah, my wife, she
ethant: She's always had trouble going just thing that you just struggled with. So yeah, she might be interested in the
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: World. What was it called again colonic
Kalani
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, they're pretty amazing. And they just make you feel clean
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They make you feel you know they take away the bloating, they take away
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, all of that extra
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: IQ that you feel you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
ethant: sounds totally like may be worth it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's like a power, power washing for your insides, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So it's pretty it is. It works and it's pretty amazing. So something else to consider for that issue. Yeah.
ethant: Like it's kind of an alternative medicine thing like it's not something the insurance pays for it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, I think it's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: $75 every time you go
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you know, you can go or not go you know it's totally, you know, up to you. It's not like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're set in for a certain amount of times, you know, to go
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can go and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: One time, and if you, you know, you're not okay with it and you don't like it, then you don't ever have to go back, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I would encourage everybody to to try it one time because it definitely makes you feel a lot better. Yep. Yeah.
ethant: Yeah, thanks for that suggestion. I'll definitely try that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely
Go ahead.
ethant: Some of that, like, um,
ethant: You know, I have my conditions in my neck. I have a
ethant: Cervical dystonia and then I have tremors and all these oh you know I didn't you never noticed when things get better right when things are going problems go away.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
ethant: But I was, if you read my journal from the beginning, till today, like every day I was complaining about tremors and the tremors have definitely subsided.
ethant: I was like,
ethant: Jumping around and like twitching really badly in the middle. Then I'm I don't know what I'm sleeping with my wife hasn't mentioned it recently. So, so that's good.
Yeah.
ethant: So all the other things. Yeah, maybe the sex drive and the the constipation. I'll just sort of because I I was on like really serious. Um, I was on pretty hefty doses have been those right. Mm hmm.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I
ethant: This actually something I did did a survey for bright heart they send this like customer satisfaction.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Thing.
ethant: And that was my one feedback was that I feel like I I think I know why but bright hard kind of prescribes Suboxone
ethant: And then I was like, what about, I feel like I'm just going off a cliff with this benzo stuff but Mary kind of shrugged it off a little bit, and said, like out, you know, you have your Klonopin just take it if you feel like you need it. So,
ethant: So I actually have a friend who went to another.
ethant: It wasn't specifically in addiction program. It's this like
Or this
ethant: Modern or reinvented doctor's office thing that they have in San Francisco. It's not one medical but it's another one.
ethant: And he went in there and he was on like really high dose of Xanax every day that you know high enough that it was maybe medically dangerous for him to stop. So they put him on this this long. It was months and they tapered him down really gradually off of the venza that he was on he
ethant: And I talked to him about it and he was like it was amazing. Like I was so panic about it. The ones I worked with them and I stuck with the plan. I was I got through the whole thing and it was like totally comfortable
ethant: So I was kind of that's kind of what I was
ethant: I don't want to say expecting, but that's sort of what I had in mind.
ethant: I thought it but so
ethant: Obviously, the opiate thing was a bigger deal than I thought it was. And it is helping me. But then on the other side I think probably the reason that I'm taking all this time to feel normal is because of the that withdrawal that that other withdrawal that I'm going through
You know, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's definitely a big factor. And you know, that's the which are really is what keeps people on
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Opiates because they don't want to be sick. I mean, they have a life to live. They have kids, they have a job they have all these things and to take time out to be
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sick is not something that anybody wants to do, you know, and, you know, the first seven days, you know, generally, is the worst but you feel it for you know weeks after
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it's a lot easier to go right back to it. If you don't have something in place, right, because you don't want to feel what you're feeling
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you know your mind as well. Your mind gets the best of you, where it's like your mind tells you, you know, well you know what's going to make you feel better.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, you know, if you just have one right now it's going to be good and you're going to feel. And so, not having to go through all of that makes it a whole lot easier to get get time
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: From you know the last time that you used it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And definitely a harm reduction with Suboxone is a lot better than you know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: High doses of opiates. As for sure.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Often
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How often are you taking your lenses.
ethant: So I had one episode.
This week,
ethant: Where I took a half a one. So in total since I've started with bright heart.
ethant: When I was really in the worst of my detox. I took a whole one milligram. And then I've had two to two days where I was where I was panic. So I took half so I've taken it through three separate times
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's not bad. So it's three
ethant: Three times out of 24 days. It's like pretty
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, um,
ethant: Yeah, I hope I don't know, it's up to the Marion, the doctors and everything, but
ethant: That's such a tricky one because I know it's dangerous and I know it's addictive and it's hard for me to self manage but it's like such an effective medicine for the kind of for my for my panic condition and for
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: My headaches.
ethant: It's like a miracle thing, you know, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you're not taking a daily
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So it's a lot harder to form an addiction to it. If you're not taking it daily. Right. You know, so there's that and taking it with and taking a daily with opiates. It's that's a high danger.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But you're not taking it in that manner. So, you know, it's probably another reason why Mary is not really worried about it because you're not
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know what I mean. No, I mean that's that's nothing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I say, you know, if you if it works, use it. Yep, just don't abuse it. Yeah.
ethant: Yeah, I just have to be really diligent about
ethant: There's a time to take it when there's when I have a panic problem and not to take it for because I can't sleep or because I'm having tremors, or for any other you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
ethant: Because I'm overwhelmed with work or whatever, all the other reasons that I used to take it so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, okay, so that tea that I was just mentioning Kava Kava K VA it's specifically for anxiety. So, and it's all natural to the
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: End. So you can you know revert to all these other natural homeopathic things that can help reduce you know all these symptoms that you're going through
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean and melatonin. Firstly, what do you take for sleep.
ethant: I have been taking melatonin. Not every day, but most days. I think I take melatonin. I don't put
ethant: My journal. When I take it. Maybe I should
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Melatonin is good for sleep there sleepy time to have me he
ethant: Actually what I'm drinking, which might not be a good idea because I'm sleepy.
ethant: Sleepy already
ethant: Not the strong one though it doesn't have the
ethant: The. What's that bark. There's a tree bark that makes you like make you extra sleepy that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, the herbal
Treatment
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that's so kabak ABA
ethant: One. There's one that was supposed to be good for people who are
ethant: And even have was sort of one of those ones that's questionable legality. I don't know if it was cover. Another thing I was reading about it on Reddit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm not that I know of.
ethant: And then it's funny, I was reading about it and read it and then I was driving around in the mission in San Francisco, where I live, and I saw a sign for the for this.
Mean
ethant: I'll bookmark this
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And there's this other natural stuff too. I thought I still had a little, a little bottle of it, but it's just like a little by little shot that you can get at the health food store. And it has the three main ingredients to help with sleep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I can't remember for the life of me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What what they were, but I was like I was amazed and impressed.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know that it works so well for my partner.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because he struggles with sleep, but he and so he tried it and he slept like a rock.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And he got it at the health food store and had to the three main ingredients are, firstly, I remember it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good. One of them's melatonin and one of them's
ethant: The tree bark one. I don't know what the third one is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The tree bark. What is the one I can't remember who
ethant: Said it is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Called
wild cherry moves.
ethant: Right you grind it up. I can picture. It's kind of dark
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I can't remember the name of it.
ethant: You got to find it here.
ethant: That's funny poppy seeds. These guys are saying, Just go get some poppy seed.
Yeah.
ethant: Valerian Root
Yes.
ethant: That's what I was thinking.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, it has. It has the three
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Three major sleep aids in it together in one little tiny shot and and it works too.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So, I mean, there's so many different alternatives you know that you try
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That are all natural, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That definitely keep you on the keep you on the safer side.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Instead of developing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: New addictions.
ethant: Funny. I'm just looking at this poppy seed thing that I had to slash where I'm remembering
ethant: An old friend of my fit and my sister's sort of a family friend and he was talking about. We were talking about probably drugs and he was talking about how he used to go to the
ethant: The
ethant: Certain food suppliers or something and he was able to get these big bags and poppy seeds and so he'd grind them up and he's like no gray is basically like breathing heroin t
ethant: Apparently you could like just, I mean they're even to have it in this article six herbal sedatives to help you fall asleep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's crazy. And that you can find anything on the internet morphine, I guess.
ethant: Or it's a relative of the opium poppy, but it's it's not an opiate
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Maybe that's true.
ethant: I had a question about the overall plan at bright heart. So this medication is working great. For me, it's like doing exactly what it's supposed to do like
ethant: It, it's been dramatic how quickly. I've been able to, like, get my life back and get some energy and I haven't had to go through all the pain of withdrawing but
ethant: Is like what's the when somebody asked us in group to maybe there isn't like a straightforward answer to it, but so is there a protocol for getting people like do you wean off of this stuff when the time is right or what's the, what's the endgame.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The, the idea is to get get you stable.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Give you a little bit of time in recovery to build your recovery up. Yep. And then when things are really going well and you're, you're ready, then the doctor will start lowering your dose like one milligram or two milligrams at a time. So it's like stair stepping it down.
Yeah.
ethant: Okay, cool. So yeah, that's, I guess what I was curious about is that
ethant: All I've heard so far as I do know there are there are people in. Maybe I'll be one of them. I don't know that just server. Take it forever, but
ethant: I'm a little unless the side effects go and I'd be a little concerned and the other weird thing is like what would happen if I got in a car accident and I was in huge incredible pain. Like, I bet you can't take pain killer killers.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You would have to make sure that that they know that you're on Suboxone
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that should actually be in your medical chart that you're on Suboxone so that way if they go to give you any kind of pain medicine, it won't work. Right. You know, and slows
ethant: It even worse than I think it'll make you sick if they give you a big dose of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It can, it can throw the throw the Suboxone off those receptors, if they give you a high enough those but you definitely want to let them know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know that you're on Suboxone you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Again, have it in your medical chart, especially if you can't speak for yourself or make sure that you know your partner knows to tell them, if anything, ever happened. So let them know that that's what you're
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're on when Suboxone first or when vivid trawl first came out it wasn't Suboxone
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It was, I'm thinking of a ritual when they first came out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When people would get the actual shot, they would have to wear a bracelet.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that if anything ever happened, you know, the doctors would know that they were on that medication because the ritual covers those same receptors.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Except it doesn't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Virtual is a whole different different
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Recovering drug, it helps with cravings. It covers the receptors. So even if you were to relapse, a little bit. You wouldn't have any of the euphoric effect at all and and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I've just seen a virtual do
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Amazing things for people to, you know, just like Suboxone so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely helps with the cravings. How have you been with any cravings or
ethant: I don't have cravings to to take pills and get high. But I do
ethant: It's hard to describe. I'm kind of like
ethant: leery of
ethant: Getting fully
ethant: Getting all my wishes for for my sober life. It's like, do I really want to be like a busy parent, you know, struggling to get by with my, you know,
ethant: Expensive San Francisco housing problems. And so I don't know I have these like moments where I'm like, I just want to be on a beach somewhere and
ethant: So it's, it's not really using thoughts but it's like escape, escape us kind of thinking that I
ethant: I still kind of have once in a while.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well,
ethant: I don't struggle that like really, it's not an everyday thing, but occasionally
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And is it is it wanting to get away from just the hustle and bustle of life or
ethant: Yeah, I think so. I think I'm kind of
ethant: I'm just so like I'm anxiety person. So I get really overwhelmed.
With
ethant: And I'm busy, like I have a lot going on or from my perspective, I don't know, it's funny, I was talking with
ethant: A guy that I've worked with he's actually leaving at the end of next week.
ethant: Who's been on my team for like
ethant: Four. Four plus years and he's he's really really good. And he's like, from his perspective, like we don't do any work anymore. He thinks like
You know, but
ethant: Because of my all the chaos in my life and scrambling to catch up and everything that I've been doing. I feel like I'm like, totally busy all day every day.
ethant: And he's like, Yeah, we don't really do anything.
ethant: Um,
ethant: So, what was I saying
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You were talking about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Feelings of escaping and the overwhelming. So feeling busy at work and
ethant: Yeah, so I think I'm because I'm an anxiety person I
ethant: It's easy for me to kind of go to that those thoughts of, like, I wish I could just not have all these responsibilities and
I'm
ethant: Like, my wife and I
ethant: We've been kind of irresponsible with money like despite it I make pretty good money, but we also have been really bad at saving money.
ethant: That's the thing that that we kind of I had, I had this conversation with her as I was just starting to
ethant: Start this treatment and get sober and pull things together. And I was like, really, we had, we had a serious conversation about how irresponsible, you've been with money, how much money we spend and so both of us have been
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Careful about
ethant: All the little things like writing. I used to ride around every day and order several meals every day on you know delivery meals and so we just had these he would spend $5,000 every month on like discretionary income things
ethant: And so we discerned dramatically stopped doing that all the sudden. So it'll be interesting to see if we can hold it up for a couple of months what our finances look like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What have you been doing instead to replace it.
ethant: Well, I mean just eating at the apartment like we go. It's not really that hard if you know you're not loaded and crazy all the time. You just make a smoothie. In the morning I make, like, you know, I don't make an elaborate dinner for myself. But I'll make something for dinner.
ethant: Um,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How do you get around. Now if you're not doing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well,
ethant: Well, I have a car. So I've been driving. I used to Uber. Why did I she actually maybe as a rides Uber more than I do.
ethant: It's actually kind of ironic. I have a car and because I haven't been very responsible, the money you know they have those special accounts you get at your work where you can only have money that you can spend on transit expenses, for example.
ethant: So I have one of those accounts. My job is going to end sometime this year. And there's $960 in the account like half that the only way that I can get that money is by spending it on
ethant: The certain things that they approve, which is like public transportation Uber pool or parking. So I figured, okay, I'll just drive to work every day and pay $20 for parking that'll help spit, then I
Know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so that's what you've been doing
ethant: Well, even actually I keep forgetting. And so today I drove he drove down and then I forgot my car is there. So I got in the Muni trained to like right back home and then got halfway home before and I remembered. Thankfully, oh shoot my cars, then tense. I had to get off and like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Walker about
ethant: Me, I go back and go get the car.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's funny.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you're explaining to your wife about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That this is a possible side effect of Suboxone and that it should ease up soon.
ethant: I just said it's
ethant: It seems like it's a she's, she's
ethant: Pretty perceptive, and she's watching me to, you know, she was keeping an eye on me when I was getting loaded and now she understands that I'm
ethant: You know, taking this medication three times a day. So she is, she I think she understands that we have when we've talked about it. Yeah, it's like, it appears to be a side effect of the Suboxone so the only thing I've told her about it so far as that Alaska, you guys, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, yeah, I just, I asked other in other groups and with the other doctors and so
ethant: Well, thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely, because you know it's something that you know you don't talk about it's it's one of those, you know, things that people do not bring up or they don't talk about and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, I see sometimes in groups that people are uncomfortable even talking about the constipation issue.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If you don't bring it out, you know, how are we supposed to know and how is anybody supposed to be educated on how it affects them.
ethant: You know, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It was interesting to me to bring it up in one of my groups and find out that there are some people that are dealing with the same thing and it can't possibly, you know, be a side effect of it so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that was a good thing.
ethant: So, did you get any
ethant: Like the folks that mentioned it as something as a side effect that they're having today. Did anyone report that they had it, but it went away.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, most of the people that I'm working with right now are fairly new in the program. So the one group that has been on it long term was the one
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The third group that I asked, and with the other doctor and the doctor immediately said yes, it can be a side effect and bringing it up to the other group members. A few of them said yes they dealt with it too. In the beginning so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It does get better. And I'm thinking that it also might get better when they start tapering you down a little bit. A lot of those things will probably start coming back a little bit.
ethant: Cool, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So it's just a moment. Yep.
ethant: Alright, cool. I'll tell you that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And as far as everything else. How's everything else been going as far as your emotions and
ethant: Um,
ethant: I feel good. I think so, no major depression.
ethant: I have my fears and anxiety around mainly work but you know
ethant: But everything to, you know, of course, it's like we're going I want my wife to be happy and I want to escape. I want to go on a trip to Vegas like Vegas trip is like, that's our classic thing and we go like several times a year, and just go like, do nothing but sit by the pool and
ethant: So,
ethant: We don't have it. We don't have a trip planned.
ethant: There's a lot of other options Vegas is kind of a lazy option, but it's just. We've been there a million times. So
ethant: So yeah, and then there's maintaining my relationship with my, my family, my sister, my mom, my little niece and my brand new little nephew, who's they're all there in the area.
ethant: There's the anxiety around my apartment. Oh, I don't know if I told you, but I journaled it so that the downstairs unit that I thought that they were
ethant: Gonna not rent out and instead they're going to sell the whole building with that unit empty there. There's a for sale or for rent sign downstairs. So that's good. I think that there
ethant: That means to me that they're probably in it. They're still they're not planning on getting out of the
ethant: Landlord
ethant: Game, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For a while, yeah.
ethant: Because I have like I pay less than half of market rate for my apartment. I don't know if we've talked about this, but
ethant: I live in the center of San Francisco. It's only it's great because it's like I have a 20 minute commute to work. I have a 10 minute walk to my sister's house, um,
ethant: But, um, it's a rental. So if I lose it. It's going to be
ethant: So I don't know it's just been another thing to freak out to worry about recently.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, well, you got to quit worrying you know it's going to be whatever it's going to be and worry doesn't, it doesn't help the situation. Right. Right. Yeah. So tell me, what about your relationship with your sister and your knees and stuff. How is that going
ethant: Um, so I definitely put them through the wringer when I when I I relapsed and then I went to the hospital several times and then I went to jail. And then I you know I was obviously. And then I was barely available for Christmas. And so I really stress that relationship.
ethant: My sister is like she's super aware of
ethant: Recovery. So she knows she knows because we even go to, there's this Friday meeting in San Francisco where there's like an al anon meeting that's next to in a meeting. So a lot of like couple years ago there.
ethant: In our meetings are at the same time. So, Abby and I have been to that meeting, she would go to the Allen on one so we just have a long history with it.
ethant: So she's it's been great. I mean signals for the last couple of weeks ago and I hang out with them more often. I talk to them on the phone, more often. I talked to my mom on the phone, you know, every other day or something like that.
ethant: Um, yeah, so definitely the for the family stuff is like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Getting better
ethant: It's getting better. It's really simple. It's like they're they're happy when they know that I'm not gonna die some horrible death, and then there
ethant: It's just insanely painful for them to like, watch me or the CV get when I'm down in the dumps.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's the horrible part about this diseases. And it's not just something that affects you, but it affects the whole family, you know,
ethant: And affects your
ethant: Everybody you work with and everybody just everybody that you that you have contact with
ethant: Everybody that you're involved with. Yeah, I mean I can basically I wasn't only my doing but I was like the needle that broke the
ethant: Haystack or whatever but work like we had this when I was really in my very worst point just before I went I OD and went to the hospital and all that stuff. I like caused this big blow up or I was a part of this big blow up at work between there's like
ethant: My little group which is the company that got bought and then there's the new company, which is in Berlin. And then there's the consulting company, which is in Romania and I had this huge blow up with one of the guys
ethant: In Romania, because I just kept screwing up and they kept screwing up the same way.
ethant: And so despite us like raising the flag and saying like, you can't do that like five times the whole bunch of times they just kept doing it so they weren't listening to us and it got into these like personal insults in our live chat room and got really like kind of weird and nasty.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So, and has it gotten better.
ethant: So,
ethant: It's gotten better, in a sense, but that the damage the. It's sort of like everybody's still a little bit shell shocked. I think, you know, it's like the whole the overall the company hasn't like completely healed from that.
Event.
ethant: So that happened and then basically, I was out for like 10 days and then I came back kind of tiptoeing in with these, all these health problems. I just tell people I added this health problem. I haven't been able to eat in five days and and etc etc.
ethant: I don't know how many probably a fair number of them know that it's addiction, but maybe, maybe not.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But well,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's assumptions, you know,
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's really, you know, your private business and not something you know that you have to tell anybody.
Yeah, so
ethant: Everybody
ethant: Everybody's respectful and
Um,
ethant: And nice and reasonable and like so that
ethant: And they they even like as I was coming back to the company several people made a point of pulling me aside and sort of saying like, that was totally unreasonable what that company did on several levels.
ethant: And I would apologize. I've told everybody like I was a little bit I were definitely didn't like lower to the level that this other guy did where he was like insulting. He was just like turn to know a little kid, basically.
ethant: So I didn't get that bad, but I definitely wasn't as professional as I would have wished I had been
ethant: Anyway, so that's all sort of a thing that's still
ethant: People are still
ethant: Adjusting or that's, you know, that just happened three weeks ago. And so now I'm expecting them to like hurry up and give me an extension of my contract and all that stuff that I so
ethant: So yeah, that's the whole story is that
ethant: I'm sure there are. They wouldn't probably say it directly to me, but I'm sure
ethant: And I've worked with them now for nine months. So it's been, you know, nine months of me being flaky and me having medical problems and me like
ethant: So I think that they all seem to kind of respect me and they're nice to me, but I don't think they're going to go out of their way to to some of them at least aren't going out of their way to, like, make sure that there's a place for me and their company and stuff like that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So, sir. Well, you know, again, it's going to be whatever it's going to be. And, you know, worrying about it when you've already got this other door that's opening for you, you know, isn't going to do you any good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But just being, you know, being present. Now, and doing what you need to do and making the right choices for you, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can't go back and change what's already happened. You gotta remember that, you know, you certainly can only work towards being better you know being 100% new in the future.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you know you're well on your way.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. And you just got to kind of hold on to that and really stay working day by day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because, you know, stressing about what's gonna happen that's out of your control.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is like a useless stress because there's nothing you can do to change it. Right. And all the Emotions and Stress don't help it.
ethant: Yeah, I know. That's what we might remember when we met last week, you told me to like every day in my journal write about how I'm staying in the present day. And so I definitely did that and it definitely it really helped because really every
ethant: I mean, and I know this stuff. I've been. I've gone through I'VE BEEN SOBER and I've had periods in my life where I'm a lot more serene and
ethant: Spiritual and, you know, etc. But I, I know it, but I don't know it in the moment. So like you've seen me freak out about things. So it has been useful to
ethant: You know, to hear from you. And then to remind you know go through this practice of sort of reminding myself that we are my writing that write things down.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's important and it, the more that you practice it, the more that you, you know, become
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Aware that you're worrying about things that are out of your control and really it's Asking yourself those questions. Do I have control over this. Yep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, versus I'm stressing about something I have no control over. It's useless and i'm not i'm doing myself and my health, no good by doing that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, and really, really back in your mind and paying attention to your senses paying attention to what you're smelling what you're hearing what you're feeling go outside and put your feet on the grass. You know what I mean around yourself a little bit
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All of those simple little things make big differences in the long run, you know. Yeah.
ethant: Yeah, I think that that contributed to my, like, Oh man, I just want to break
ethant: Like today. I wouldn't want because I i vapes so i when i even when I am done at the office like takes pretty frequent breaks you know breaks to go outside.
ethant: Even today, it's just like perfectly warm today and it's just like so in Nice little breeze. And I don't know. So I went outside and I'm like, Oh man, I just don't want to be
ethant: Dressing out in this hot little office and
ethant: My wife and I, because, because we weren't sort of money was no object. And whenever we wanted to go anywhere. We take like
ethant: You know, the last couple of years, lots of lavish trips to different places and stuff. So we're kind of spoiled in a way. We're like, yeah, let's go back to Thailand or whatever.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I didn't think and this is my you know my
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Personal opinion.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, if you have the ability to do it. And the lead way. You know what your job experience life in that way, go, you know what I mean, because we only live one time. And I'll tell you what.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I kind of feel like our society is switched from, you know, working to live to live to working and you know that absolutely is not, it's not a healthy way to live. It's just not so I would say if you have a chance to to go and experience life and to get some peace and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To learn about new new cultures do it you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's something wrong with that, you know, you hear so many times about people that have spent 40 years working in a, in, you know, a factory or working and never took a vacation or never, you know,
ethant: I might be the like of extreme
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: As long as
ethant: When I was in my 20s, I inherited like nearly a million dollars and I basically I didn't blow it all at once, and something like
ethant: Giant blow out in six months or something. But I basically slowly spent it and so I didn't have to work too hard. In my 20s.
ethant: I traveled the world I bought a house in New Orleans. I like that kind of maybe the mindset that you're describing, I'm kind of like done it, or over. I don't know. I was just myself but I've definitely had like
ethant: I've had a lot of sort of fun life experience. You know what I mean. And I appreciate
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It but
ethant: But now it's like
ethant: I don't have enough money in the bank to buy a house which is we're kind of where my wife and I should be at. And so I'm kind of trying to read really in a little bit and be a little bit more
ethant: Conservative with taking lavish vacations and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, just, just because it seems like
ethant: That's the change that.
ethant: I still want to be comfortable and, you know, I still want to relax. I have the opportunity to have the time to relax and there'll be go somewhere, but
ethant: Yeah. So I did that once and then I have had this job since the company got bought that they gave me an extra like
ethant: You know, I was already making really good money and then they like gave me a huge extra
ethant: That, you know, so they're paying me 40% more than the huge salary that I already had.
ethant: Because I was getting high. And we've been, you know, when you combine like all the dramatic and you know the legal expenses and the medical expenses from all the time. You know, it's been several trips to the emergency room and all
ethant: And all the lavish traveling and the expense for I you know I was spending $300 a day on drugs for like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Solid couple months there so
ethant: I don't know. So despite all that the money that was coming in. That would have been good if I saved it because I want to buy a house someday. It's
ethant: If you look at my checking account I more or less artists sustained.
ethant: Like I didn't
ethant: Go to up or down in my sort of net worth too much.
ethant: So anyway.
ethant: Because of all that context. I'm trying to
ethant: It's tough. It's like, I want to, I still deserve.
ethant: Summer, you know, to relax and take it easy. Sometimes that I don't know if I that I but I want to be a little bit more
ethant: Conservative about the spin
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sure sir. And there's, you know, there's definitely responsible ways to be able to do that, you know, and you just remember that you just alleviated a $300 a day habit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. So there's that.
ethant: That's true. So 10 days ago by I can go on a nice, I can spend three grand on a nice vacation, and I feel
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like you put her towards good you know an incentive to quit smoking is take the money that you normally would spend on cigarettes and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Save it in a jar and watch it build up and see how much money it you know after even after a month, how much you spend on cigarettes and you'd be amazed. Yeah. And so you think about it in those terms, where you are already have cut out a lot of your expenditure in that area.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Really is going to help you save a lot save money.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you have to continue working on your
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your mindfulness. Yep, they continue working on bringing yourself back into today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And focus your attention.
ethant: Today in the in the group. I'm going to go to this meditation group which I remember the name of. It's called Big art city. It's a San Francisco thing I just admit it's a meditation. What do they call it.
ethant: There's a Buddhist word or a word for like the group of people who come together to meditate.
I forget what any, um,
ethant: Yes. So that's my plan for this week I'm going to go on Friday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, good, good. And pay attention to, you know, your sleep. Pay attention to what you're putting in your body, because that's going to help everything become regulated to yep yep you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you know, when you feel yourself stressing out. Pull yourself back in and quit worrying about what's going to happen that's out of your control, you know,
ethant: I gotta remember but it's out of my control than you with the most recent time that I really had some I had a
ethant: fairly serious or like, you know, I was panicked enough that I ended up taking the colon open I traced. I thought back like what was it, they really got too freaked out and it was the
ethant: Like both my wife and I were like, Oh, no. Do we feel like we're sick, and we both had these like this moment of like
ethant: We're going to get the scary virus.
ethant: That's another scary thing that's happening in the world.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sure, but we can
ethant: Not worry about it a little bit like
ethant: It's everywhere responsible if you didn't know
ethant: Or if you didn't can, you know, think about how to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: keep yourself safe. Yeah, try to work.
ethant: Like I'm washing my hands more often and all that stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's really all you can do. I mean, I mean really. And again, if you're keeping yourself safe and you're doing the best that you can do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's nothing more, you can really do. And so, stressing out about it, worrying about what's going to happen really takes you away from what is happening.
ethant: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so, you know, remembering that piece is going to be important. Definitely.
ethant: Am I too dark. You can't see me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I can see you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But you are a little dark
ethant: Or was it back like that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so you're going to tell me how your, your venture is with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your meditation. The art. Yep.
ethant: Addition group.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. And have you been going to any meetings. I know we talked about that, but I can't remember.
ethant: Though I had
ethant: The last time I went to meetings I am kind of had a bitter experience. So I'm it's not that I've sworn off them for life, but I
ethant: The combination of I had a bad experience and I like to know too many people around a so like when I go back. It's like
ethant: I get a lot of questions from people, you know, how long have you been, you know, I don't really want to pay attention and I want to raise my hand as a newcomer or not raise my hand as a newcomer any of that shit. So like, and I, frankly, like I don't
ethant: Feel like you're using. So I don't know. I have my weird little support group which is like this meditation thing I'm looking forward to
ethant: I've been before, but I don't really. I haven't really connected with any of the people there so that that I'd like to do that.
ethant: And then I have my buddy, Dan, I think I mentioned to you, who has a similar sort of like experience going day and then after a long time relaxing and so I talked to him I messaged him. I'm okay, hopefully go visit him on the weekend.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, good, good, good, good. And don't forget you can always engage online anonymously. Yep.
That's a good point.
ethant: I haven't had that I know it's like more about maintenance, but
ethant: So yeah, I need to build up build up a framework for like a sober life. This is the whole point, right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and you're in the, you know, beginning phases of it. So you know what I mean, it's great that you're venturing out to this meditation and it's great that you have, Dan.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And, you know, maybe you guys together can find a different area or find it a different place to be able to engage in some kind of sober support system.
ethant: The other one that I like is smart recovery, but they're weird because they almost there against the like group or group part of it.
ethant: Because they don't think the whole message of their program is. You can do this by yourself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
ethant: So they're almost like anti group in a weird way, but then it's still the experience of going and talking to the group is like really good
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So it's just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's a piece of it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So it's about it's really, if you think about it, it's about building up your sober support people that are doing this to stay sober.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't care how they're doing it. You know what I mean, it's about finding the right way that's going to work for you and having those people to be able to rely on when
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know when you need that extra support and being able to do the work around it. So, you know,
ethant: I'm curious, do you have a lot of. Have you experienced or have you talked to other people that have my same outlook on a, like a refugee. Like, I'm just sort of over it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, I mean, there's a lot of people that really struggle with going a lot of people that live in small communities that they know a lot of people are worried that they're, you know, jobs are going to find out anonymity is a struggle.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, there's a lot of things. A lot of people struggle with it. And again, I always suggest that they venture into other avenues. It doesn't have to be a or na but you know smart recovery refuge recovery well variety
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just something that's going to help you build up a sober support system of people outside of what your normal was when you were using, you know, it's building different patterns. Yeah.
ethant: Pretty much. There's just this one guy like I bought on the street several times and I made a connection with this one guy. And as long as I don't call that one guy.
ethant: Then I've cut myself off from that that whole and like I already. I haven't. I will only ever call them with this app that I deleted from my phone. So if he called me. I wouldn't know.
ethant: So I know I'm not saying that that's that the product that the that the job's done but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, the work in progress. Yep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So remember that it's baby steps. No one day at a time. Yep. Okay, so I'm gonna let you go.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, yeah, and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm going to be curious to hear how your meditation class went. Cool.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I'll recommend
ethant: Hey, I'm once I'm. Remember I mentioned I get Botox treatment in my neck.
ethant: So just let you know early so not this coming group, but the one that's two weeks out. I have a Botox appointment that conflicts with the group, but it's one of those appointments that you have to get like four months ahead of time so I really don't want to mess with it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Just remind me this coming week. Yeah, so that I can excuse for it. Okay.
ethant: Cool. Yeah, I think it might be when the day that marries back. I forget.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Cool, yeah. Just remind me, and then I'll shoot her an email and let her know that you had a doctor's appointment they conflict with group today but day. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Awesome. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I will see you in group. Great.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Thanks, Rebecca. Okay. Have a great week or
ethant: Didn't do. Bye bye.
Bye.